I think it's an ideal location for the collection of presents.
The reference and the actual collection of next speech finder is extremely important.
Not many collections are kept out as well.
Does it get a lot of use?
Did a lot of people come here?
During the summer, when we have reasonable scholars, and in the winter term, when we have the paparology class.
We have a paparology class almost every year.
And do you teach it?
Well, sometimes I teach it, and sometimes we have my senior colleague, who would retire in two years, Professor Tannen.
He has been here for about 20-many years, since 1975.
He was brought here to replace Professor Udi.
who was in charge of the collection.
He was a professor of archaeology in the Department of Classical Studies for almost 40 years.
This is fascinating.
I didn't expect to find this today.
I'm here to give a talk to them.
I said to them, you know, when you take this class, it's not just a class.
Just think of it.
You're the first people, after so many hundreds of years, to touch this, to read this, and to learn.
what it contains?
Because of what?
Because of the technology, or just because this stuff is being made available for them?
Because it's available.
I mean, think of how many big universities there are in the United States.
How many of them do you think have a virus collection?
I don't know.
Very few.
And very few have an active virus collection.
And people operating it.
And that's what you mean by active, of course.
Well, I mean, certainly we don't have it just for display purposes, because when a collection ends up being like that, it's useless.
And, of course, the whole point of materials at a university is that they're being used for scholarship.
You're not just saving them.
Exactly.
We very much believe you, actually.
Well, I would think so.
That's great.
I better get back to see .
Put that on.
Okay.
Say it again.
The largest library .
The CIC Center for Library.
Yeah.
It stands for the Committee on Institutional Cooperation .
Anyway, we also call it the Center for Library Initiatives.
It's been in operation for about two years.
And Nick, you can see some of the things here.
We think we're saving or avoiding costs around $800,000 per year by jointly signing on to these databases.
And I mentioned it.
Okay, yeah.
I hope I can talk to you.
But with the Modern Language Association, this is the, you know, Michigan is providing that, and you can see.
But this is something you can take and read at your leisure.
But it's quite a...
remarkable thing.
What we're doing here, we're realizing from collective efforts what we can't do individually.
Before I went off to see... Right.
But I wanted to give you a copy of that.
We were talking about the role of a library, and we were talking, and of course, you have a building now that's not even called a library anymore.
It's called, what is it called?
Oh, the media union.
The media union.
Tell me, what's that?
What's wrong with library?
Okay.
Well, it has two libraries.
We took two libraries, the art and architecture library, which is one, and the engineering library, and we brought them into this media union, but it's much more than a library.
We have studios there.
We have so many workstations, and we want, for example, I can speak from the library standpoint.
We want those students to be able to sit down and look at a Frank Lloyd Wright book
and be at a workstation and do some simulations to bring the old media, so to speak, i.e., the book, right in line with the most sophisticated electronic media.
That's the reason we call it the media union.
But we have a strong presence there in the library component.
But that building is one that is yet to become.
It's always evolving, so to speak.
Yeah.
So I hope you get to see it sometime.
Of course, you know, you heard about that when they closed that military base at Fort Ord in California for their new school.
And they didn't even put a library in the plans.
Well, something under Chronicle of Higher Education, not too long.
Did you see that?
No, I didn't.
Chronicle of Higher Education, is that the name?
Chronicle of Higher Education.
Okay.
I gave it to Bill.
You can probably go and get it right now.
But here's what it said.
They designed that campus, we found a library, and they've admitted, after three weeks, they made a serious mistake.
Can I get that?
Yeah.
Very important.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Bill?
They're a target.
I'm not a target, but I want to write about it.
Bill?
At that Monterey thing before?
The Monterey where they accepted that building, that campus?
California State University, like the 26th or 25th campus, and I told them there was a piece in the Carnival Education.
Can you put your hand on that fairly fast?
Right now?
I think mine's at home.
I keep a file on these things.
Well, you must have called up this stuff real fast.
No, but do you remember that piece?
It was a photocopy.
Bill, you remember that piece?
No, I know exactly what it was.
You said, after three weeks, they discovered it made a serious mistake.
They're going to build this campus to our library, Tony.
That's the second one in the university system.
The first one was San Marcos.
Well, St.
Marcus has the library, because I have several consultants.
They started, it was going to be electronic.
It's called Information Rural Library.
And they quickly learned they had, this is my recollection, Marion Reed is the librarian there, and she's the person to talk about the history in that play.
But I've been there.
Marion Reed built the library.
They ended up starting out, I think, California.
I was telling you about this in the car this morning.
The San Marcos is not as gross as this, but this military base, they started out there.
They started out there without the concept there would not be a library.
That was the same in the other one, and then they had to build it, and they started in a storefront, and then it became a library on the campus.
Is this in this article?
No, that isn't in the article.
Now, Marion is at Monterey or the other place?
No, no.
She's at San Marco.
No, but it won't do you any good to call Marion.
I know that personally.
See, I was there.
I was there when they... They started that campus, the whole campus off in a storefront, but they always wanted to build... They always wanted to build... No, they always wanted to build a library, their bill, at Marion, because I went out there as the consultant.
They had the big plans and everything.
At Monterey is a whole different .
I mean, it wasn't even in the equation.
They weren't building a library.
No.
At Monterey, they were not.
At Monterey.
A library that had .
That's right.
Well, that's .
Yeah, at Monterey and .
.
They're learning resources.
Yeah, there's information.
Yeah.
Jim May is the head librarian there.
What's his name again?
May, M-A-Y.
Jim May.
And you can even tell him why I called him.
Let me see if I can find that out.
I'm going to start the Friends of the Non-Library.
Excuse me, man.
But at Monterey, they started off with the concept they do not need a library.
San Marcos is a different story.
Was May part of this?
Well, he was employed later.
But after three weeks, and the article states this, after three weeks, they discovered they made a serious mistake.
What year was it?
Well, serious in terms of public relations or what?
No, serious in terms of serving the academic needs of the faculty and students.
What year is it?
Right now.
Over the last couple of years.
Yeah.
And the article just appeared.
It went around then.
The article just appeared in about three weeks ago.
It went around me.
I heard about it at a conference at Smith College.
And you started talking about it, but it left me.
And then I was out at Oberlin last week, and the new president there gave a talk, and she mentioned it in some of the articles.
So this is known in the circles.
And then a couple people actually went out there, and there was still no books there.
They had some shelves up, some metal shelving.
No Stephen King?
What is that?
Of course, it's a very technically-oriented school, I guess, too, in its defense.
You have to say it's a liberal arts school among any stretch.
It does have very technical... They just figured they could do this without books.
Everything... The kids would work at home, and they'd be able to access this.
We've been here an hour and a half.
Your interview is over, but we're going to go get a bite to eat.
Okay.
I did ask them about the vet, the... What do we call that thing again now?
The place that's not called the library?
The media union.
We're coming back on that to save you this piece.
I know, I know, but I'm just asking a question.
That's all.
Okay.
You can ask all the questions you want.
Your interview's over, but you can keep asking questions.
Okay.
No.
No, you can talk to me.
I don't have an appointment to a club.
Well, really, I think we've covered the stuff that I want.
I don't know.
We can go on.
Well, I mean, I guess, but Michigan's not moving away from libraries to media unions.
But the library school's now called the information.
Yeah.
Is that right?
It's a library school.
Library has been dropped from a nominate place.
But we're not at the end of it.
It seemed like that's a trend.
I was telling Toby, 70 percent of our graduates still work in libraries.
So what do you call it now?
What school?
It's called the School of Information.
It used to be called the School of Library and Information.
The School of Information and Library Studies.
So why did they drop the Library Studies?
Because they wouldn't dare drop information.
Well, let me ask that one.
I don't know why.
Is there a change in emphasis, though?
I think there is a greater emphasis on the information technology than previous.
But we still give—go ahead.
You still give?
We still offer degrees, and we still give primary emphasis to libraries, even though it's not in the title.
libraries, archives.
That's what I said.
What you call yourself is what you believe you are.
We take it easy.
I think we have plenty of material here.
I love it.
I'll send you, um, please.
Materials.
Will you?
Yeah.
This is one of my copies, but I'll send all this to you, Nick.
Here's, for example, one way of looking at what's probably going to happen.
Oh, I've got to have this, yeah.
We're moving from facility-centric to user-centric.
centralized collections, distributed collections, just in case, you know, just buying a book, just in case someone wants it, to just in time, to where the value is probably on collection size.
Now, this could be controversial.
Well, just in case strategies, isn't it?
You just kind of slid right by that, just in case.
You buy a book just in case somebody wants it?
Mm-hmm.
Do you know how many books that we buy that no one has a bucket?
But maybe not in your lifetime, though.
That's my point.
For the pro album, I don't want to jump ahead.
You know, I say this at my talk tonight.
You know, I went to the Boston Air.
They were buying for me.
They saved me.
It was there.
This was on Samuel Pepys, and it was on the codicils to his will, which I knew was only in this catalog of his library.
Not in the earlier one, not in the later one.
And I had to have it.
And they had it, and they bought it for me.
Now, when you say, just in case, you're saying, well, maybe somebody might need it.
Maybe not.
But maybe a hundred years from now.
And this is what bothers me, frankly.
Now I'm showing my stripes.
Timeless, timeless, timeless.
Now I'm showing my stripes just a little bit when I see a Cornell and they say, nobody uses this biology collection.
Nobody uses it.
We don't have anybody teaching it.
And they're thinking of getting rid of it, even though they have one at the great agricultural schools there, you know.
They do.
I said,
Don't you have an obligation to students yet unborn that may be somebody coming along in 50 or 75 years?
And that's why I was kind of edging when we were talking earlier about the role of the librarian.
That is part of your role, don't you think?
Well, I just came from a session this morning about our selectors.
And Toby and I have talked about this.
I don't see our notes here.
But I was stuck with addressing things like
The changing role of the libraries, these are the people who select the books.
And the changing role, because... Well, Alexis, they call them censors.
You can joke on this.
Yes, but see, here's... This is called role of the selector.
Role of the selector.
These are the people who select the books.
Anticipating the future.
Are you going to give me a copy of this?
If you like it, you like this.
Oh, well, I would like it, yeah.
This is the giant sucking sound that we're always talking about.
Right, right.
But, yeah, we talk about the role, how it's changing, you know.
What was this printed up for?
Was this for a talk or something?
Yeah, just for a talk this morning, which I... Oh, you gave this warning?
Yeah.
Do you have a copy of this?
I'll make you a copy, yeah.
Well, could explain it.
We talk about some trends here affecting selection, you know, um, greater faculty contact.
Well, it's in the future is what you were just talking about there.
Exactly, yeah.
This, this, uh, value center management is a, is a new, new budget tool here at the university.
See, I've been, since I've been here, I've been able to get the library taken right off the top.
Now they're talking about having the deans to, to determine how much money will come to the library.
And I told them, I said, I don't know if any university
that has ever done this, that would libraries come out better.
At Indiana University, for example, they built this fine library on Indiana limestone down there, and the librarian down there a few years ago said, I've got to have a storage facility.
We can't put any more, and we can't build onto the building.
Well, he went to the deans, made a presentation.
Dean said, thumbs down.
This is at IU here.
This is at Indiana University.
Yeah, yeah.
And someplace it's called Responsibility Center Management.
What's it called?
Responsibility?
Responsibility-centered management.
Or budgeting.
Anyway, I don't know of any university.
At Vanderbilt University, let me give you another example.
You don't have any university, what, to finish that sentence?
Well, I don't know of any university library that has engaged in responsibility-centered budgeting or responsibility-centered management that is better off after engaging in that new budgeting technique than before.
Vanderbilt, case in point.
The School of Engineering there is going bankrupt.
They have not bought any—the dean there of the School of Engineering cannot give the library any money to buy engineering books.
They're able to keep most of their journals, and engineers do read, believe it or not.
So now, I told the provost there some time ago, I said, this is serious business.
What's going to happen?
You can't go back and buy those engineering books.
This is responsibility-centered budgeting.
They called down there, each job on its own bottom.
But the library is at the mercy of all these deans.
See, here I've been able to keep this.
They printed the order of the publishing.
Yeah.
But see, I've been buying.
That's what we were saying earlier.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
And why some of those books maybe got better.
Right.
But anyway, here you can see significant increase in digital resources.
Access to information may be more critical than acquisition.
I don't know.
Wow.
More resources acquired or licensed outside of libraries.
And here we navigate and increasingly become more important.
I'm talking about survival here, man.
Yeah.
Survival.
The selector.
But you know, before I get going on my little thing, you were about to say, you know how many books people buy that are never used?
That is, it's got to be a consideration.
I mean, my cute story, Toby, let me talk about it.
My cute story notwithstanding, that does bother you.
You know any book exhibits are made without use?
I'm sorry, well, how many of them?
That's right.
Well, okay.
So?
Use is relative.
Use is self-absorbed.
What concerns publishers of journals and electronic journals in electronic journal format, if libraries pay per use or per drink, so to speak, each time a journal article is used, if we pay on that basis, publishers may lose their shirts.
Because there are many journal articles that are never read.
That's why they cost so much.
Exactly.
That's right, yeah.
Because they figure they're only going to make it on one shot.
Yeah.
Oh, could be.
And that's what they're saying at Stanford.
You know, we still haven't figured out how you make people pay when you access it.
Right.
Because otherwise, putting it on here, the guy who writes it, is not going to make anything.
And there are those of us who do live by our pens.
That's right.
You want this now?
Yeah, I do.
Well, if you can copy it or whatever.
Okay.
And I can copy.
I'll send this to you.
or have that copied now if you like this is only one one of the i'd love to take it with me okay yeah good i believe in securing territory okay now i gave you yeah that thing on the consortium you see it yeah i gave you that yeah let me get this